with love of the country and where a lot of minorities
where musicians are looking for the exact lion all
like all politicians are not for the people and people
look at everything coolly but in this
the country has something native
maidens this is not group paranoia hi
from little about money we are not forgotten and
read on the studios you strong us here
left the fate or the Soviet authorities
someone here who is there states blood if
bedlam in your country you can see Islam
but it is shoulders which is easier to fit the
slade see in dreams people see fear
people see mountains or scaffold fur turning
people balls because you can blow them and we are on
Studios mutim grouse so happened 2
points felt cold in the windows gone from
reflection difficult this place is bold
calling my home here is my beginning
first hip-hop handshake
capital through these mazes I came
Naquin grass eye could not see feel
yourself a stranger to this old nameless
i must have smoked and stub left
and why pushes us a sandpiper and immediately
weak and in slavery whether the result is only
Christina will not be enough to lead
I do not pursue the domain for questioning
telly on tributaries hope and believe
like a dog beast no need not soar
on this blame for yet evil things to him and
beat on the system in the subject beat on bits
this is the life of the regime we do not have us
i'm not confused with everybody not pope
but
and father Arseny and suffered blue Sergei
Selin without a deputy mandate and
Nobel Prize
costume you and me here on and three goals you
aim at it down lithuania
I do not bear heresy
peace to the whole world is freedom in it
cute i'm not used to it i'm humble i'm not
cry and well i'm not laughing cut come on
correct me
I am within the capital what you know yourself
feel and delve listen to you shugu
stand like all those with whom with it or with
by this like a mustache and beard well let's get down
I am glad to every phase of sleep place sad
After all, Zlatoust or no place now
let miles changeable caliph for an hour
remember us as to the rest nachhat
Language zopo flip hole to talk about
coffee at any cost from Lithuania with love and about
crowds rapchik make truth size you
will give no oysters on vladi head in
monetary equal may the world change and
goes out like a hearth we can't be silent
seeing the faith close hearth i
I realized long ago that something was wrong with this country
so and zomboyaschika pour fraud what
as for the same beggars on the same planet and
moral values ​​are not discussed on
something summit as a result
financial budget or a country on the verge
via social network
they are supposed to be watching us need
love for the fatherland
they will not break the rebellious spirit with
the mere thought of the fish will raise
wave
because this country is one thing crippled and
brick country countries this is not a policy this
paralysis i'm not a pioneer gave you not
I need a memory I heard it no longer
back your words are not screwed
I have already been held on those who persist you
she walked three together and sang in chorus and now
new boss new threat
this is not your position from your posture